Hello and welcome again in this new section.
So not we cover almost all the important two of them where this felt like the full throated almost the
height of the derrieres emotionless dress etc..
No we're going to cover some of them with this fear that we needed from time to time.
In your real environment.
And no we're going to talk about do contain liberty.
We need cover the Clinton Library as quick as possible in the preview course but we don't give it much
time to deep inside it.
No I will try to cover a little about it as fast as possible.
So if you remember when we tried to clone our virtual machine or convert your machine to a template
if you remember we convert to complete or when we try to clone a virtual machine we have clone virtual
machine clone to template.
We cover art first section about the companies in the first world.
So we're not going to talk about this.
They we have grown to templates in library.
If you remember in the course when we tried to clone a template in the library we have empty lists of
library.
Then we go on to create our library.
So at the same time it was we going to do it right.
No we're going to create our library and get a little information about it.